---
title: V8.0.2.5
date: 2026-01-05T00:16:00
---

Added & Changed

- Added issue & error logging/support for: Moderation, Moderation Rules and Lockdown.

Fixed

- Fixed various mobile resize issues with double aligned inputs.
- Moved the sidebar open button for mobile to the left to prevent overlap with the tab switcher.
- Improved the UI for the command configure popup/dropdown to improve the mobile experience & readability.
- The mobile tab switcher now scrolls you back to the top of the page.
- Moderation:
  - Moderation Reason Alias UI has been updated to use the Accordion to improve the mobile experience.
  - Moderation Reasons are now capped at 512 characters within the command arguments. Durations are now capped at 50 characters.
  - Fixed an issue where the immune roles did not get checked properly, along with some permission-related underlying issues.
  - Fixed cases where double values were not removed for moderation immune roles.
  - Descriptions for some moderation commands have been fine-tuned to explain them clearly.
  - Various small bug fixes and wording tweaks for moderation-related systems.
  - Fixed `/cases clear` not properly removing cases in wierd edge-cases.
  - Fixed `/cases delete` and `/cases revoke` not revoking active punishments properly in most scenarios.
  - Fixed `/cases revoke` and `/cases list` not properly editing log messages and/or crashing if there was no log message, resulting in little to no user feedback.
  - Fixed `/cases list` showing the duration as "(Duration) minutes" where the minutes was incorrect.
  - Made a couple of minor tweaks to moderation rules and added additional issue rules.
- Lockdown:
  - Improved lockdown error handling & added support for the issues page.
  - Fixed a crash if a channel or server was locked for too long. Also limited this in the lockdown create commands.
- Fixed a crash with auto delete messages if the interval was too long, now also fixed on dashboard side.
- Fixed a crash for verifications if the auto kick time was too long, with additional dashboard limits and safeguards.
- Fixed a crash for auto purge messages if the auto kick time was too long, with additional safeguards on the dashboard.
- Fixed a crash in some wierd edge cases with verification captchas.
