---
title: V8.0.2.7
date: 2026-01-10T23:39:00
---

This release is the reaction roles v2 update! We have rewritten reaction roles and added some needed quality of life features. The full changes are available below:

Added & Changed

- Added a Premium Subscribe button to `/about`.
- Added the net member gain on the statistics page.
- Reaction Roles:
  - Migrated reaction roles to a new internal system. Problems? Contact support!
  - Partially rewrote the entire system for improved stability.
  - Removed the option to globally disable/enable reaction roles.
  - Added the ability to toggle emojis in the dropdown/buttons for reaction roles.
  - Reaction Role options now allow multiple roles to be assigned/removed at once per button/reaction.
  - Added the ability to use existing messages for reaction roles, for example a message sent by a regular user.
  - Added limits, choose a max number of options a user can pick from the reaction role.
  - Removed the `Unique` mode & renamed `Verify` & `Drop` to `Add Only` and `Remove Only`.
  - Added Temporary Roles (premium). Roles will be removed after a certain amount of time. (You customize the duration).
  - Added the ability to re-send a reaction role message if it's already been created.
  - Made some tweaks to the UI of the premium feature table, including the 'NEW' flags.
  - Added DMs that will be sent when you get a reaction role using reactions. This will also be sent when a temporary role is automatically removed.
  - Added `/reaction-roles list` `/reaction-roles setup` and `/reaction-roles create`.
  - Added support for custom emojis.
  - Wiki has been updated to reflect the changes.

Fixed

- Various limits not being properly enforced on the dashboard for reaction roles, preventing saving.
- Improved error handling & user feedback for reaction role creation processes.
- Reaction Roles:
  - Fixed disabling a reaction role not disabling the buttons.
  - Changing reaction role types should now edit the messages correctly.
- Fixed the dashboard scrolling up when interacting on pages with multiple tabs.
