---
title: V8.0.2.2
date: 2025-12-24T19:13:00
---

Added & Changed

- Added issue & error logging/support for: Auto Delete Messages, Auto Purge and Action Logs.
- Added `/bug-report` to allow users to report bugs and issues with the bot.

Fixed

- Fixed an issue where you could have double entries in multi role/channel pickers for Auto Delete Messages, Auto Role, Action Logs and Starboards.
- Fixed an issue where `@everyone` would show up in role pickers for some modules.
- Fixed various mobile resize issues with double aligned inputs.
- Additional minor fixes and tweaks.
- Action Logs:
  - Fixed issues when log channels had been deleted.
  - Fixed errors when log messages could not be sent (permission issues).
  - Fixed the ignored roles not working for events: Invite Created (Uses invite creator), Member Leave Server, Message Edit, Message Delete, Member Nickname update and Member roles update.
  - Fixed the ignored channels & categories not working for Invite Create & Invite Delete.
  - Fixed action logs not sending when dashboard storage was disabled for events: Channel Delete, Message Delete, Message Edited and Messages Bulk Deleted.
  - Fixed logs not sending in rare cases for events: Channel Update and Message Delete.
  - Emoji Update events now show the changes (old and new values) instead of only the new values.
  - Various updates to message formats & layouts, including moving IDs to footer to reduce bloat and separating updated message content from the embed description.
  - Sticker Update & Create now send the sticker on the log message.
  - Sticker Delete event not sending has been fixed.
