---
title: V8.0.1.3
date: 2025-12-10T22:20:00
---

:::caution Data Migration
We have migrated some data and auto-applied some changes for this release. This should not cause issues, contact support if it did.
:::

**Added & Removed**

- Added `/ticket form-answers` to view ticket form answers from a ticket (or outside).
- Permisisons can now be set for ticket actions, to limit them to roles and staff. These follow button permissions from before. See the Permissions tab on the ticket panel configuration.
- Added the option to make buttons or ticket actions Owner & Staff only, to prevent added users from using buttons.
- Added blocked/allowed roles for ticket panels.
- Added the following ticket log events: **Updated** (Topic Change/Rename), **Unclaim**, **Transfer**, **User Add/Remove** and **Role Add/Remove** seperated, **Close Requested**.
- Added the following ticket dm events: **Escalated**, **Transferred** and **Unclaimed**.
- User and role add/remove now send a message in the ticket.
- Added (optional) emojis support to ticket topic dropdowns.
- Removed the 'Send to ticket' option for answers.
- Added DMs when a ticket has been close-requested to be sent to ticket owners.
- Added support for custom emojis to tickets.

**Changes**

- Ticket Log Events have been compacted and are easier to view.
- Various permission related tweaks for tickets.
- `/ticket stats` now shows an easier to understand message.
- `/ticket info` has been updated and now shows the users and roles for the ticket.
- You can now sort the options for ticket dropdowns.

**Fixes**

- Fixed the back button not always showing on the ticket panel edit page.

> _We are still working on close reasons but have ran into technical limitations with our current system. This will be added in a future release._
