---
title: V8.0.2.1
date: 2025-12-16T17:16:00
---

Added & Changed

- Updated the default bot permissions to account of Pin Messages change.
- Added the issues page: shows the most recent issues that the bot encountered that server admins can fix. [More info on the wiki article](https://wiki.quabot.net/docs/getting-started#issues--errors-page).
- Added the option to reroll and end giveaways with a message url instead of only the giveaway id.
- Channels in selectors are now sorted by position.
- Various UI changes and tweaks made.

Fixed

- Fixed a lot of mobile allignment issues for double containers and navbar padding.
- Fixed an issue where join roles didn't work if the join channel was not defined.
- Fixed timed roles not working when a user joined the server again
- Fixed a crash when a giveaway duration was very long.
- Fixed an issue where giveaway prized could be cutoff later on, losing part of the prize.
- Changed mobile tooltip button alignment
- Fixed an issue where the 'Remove After' option for starboards only deleted the ones that should've already been deleted on restart, and not the future ones.
- Removed the integration (bot/managed) roles and `@everyone` from most role pickers.
- Fixed popups not working correctly for the message builder (used to edit footer icons etc.)
- Fixed some mobile issues with the embed builder.
- Fixed an issue where DM join messages did not work if regular join messages were disabled.
- Additional testing done and minor fixes applied.
