---
title: V8.1.0.2
date: 2026-03-24T22:03:00
author: Joas (@joa_sss) - Developer
---

Hi everyone! We're working on some pretty big changes, new stuff & quality of life updates for moderation! This is Part 1/3. The next two updates will be a Reporting module and Moderation Appeals. I'm releasing it in three parts since there's no reason to leave you waiting for these amazing features! Enjoy, and let me know if you have any feedback.

**Added & Changed**

- Added DMs whenever a timeout expires. When a timeout ends, the user will now receive a DM from QuaBot (if punishment end DMs are enabled in the settings).
- Overhauled and refactored a large portion of the moderation command code, for more concistent behaviour.
- Added User Commands: When right-clicking a user and going to Apps, QuaBot now shows a few new commands:
  - `View Avatar` - Will show the user's avatar.
  - `User Info` - Will show info about the user.
  - `Kick` - Kick a user if you have the permissions. Also takes a reason and internal reason through modals.
  - `Ban` - Ban a user if you have the permissions. Also takes a reason, internal reason, delete message days and duration. through modals.
  - `Warn` - Warn a user if you have the permissions. Also takes a reason, internal reason and (optional) duration. through modals.
  - `Timeout` - Timeout a user if you have the permissions. Also takes a reason, internal reason and duration through modals.
- Added Message Commands: When right-clicking a message and going to Apps, QuaBot now shows a few new commands:
- `Kick` - Kick a user if you have the permissions. Also takes a reason and internal reason through modals.
- `Ban` - Ban a user if you have the permissions. Also takes a reason, internal reason, delete message days and duration. through modals.
- `Warn` - Warn a user if you have the permissions. Also takes a reason, internal reason and (optional) duration. through modals.
- `Timeout` - Timeout a user if you have the permissions. Also takes a reason, internal reason and duration through modals.
- These allow for an easier way to use QuaBot's moderation commands, and will use modals to guide you through the command process.
- The modals support: reason, duration (if applicable), delete message days for bans, and the internal reason. The reason is required when 'Reason Required' is enabled in the dashboard.
- The DM buttons 'Sent From' now have a link to the original server.
- 'View Audit Log' is now a required permission for QuaBot when you add it to your server. This is to, in the future, allow QuaBot to generate moderation cases when created using Discord's ban/kick/timeout feature.
- Moderation cases are now automatically created whenever you Kick, Ban, Unban, Timeout or Remove a Timeout from a user using Discord's built-in tools. Moderation Rules will also auto-apply, DMs sent and a log created. (Uses the Audit Log permissions)
- Commands now have a default permission setup, this applies to some modules but mostly moderation/management commands. These can still be changed in the integration settings.
- Status and `/info bot` have been updated with the new command counts, including context commands and the info command has been tweaked a bit.

**Fixed**

- Fixed a bug where if a user had multiple timeouts, upon untimeout command, the bot would show the oldest timeout instead of the most recent one.
- Fixed an issue when you deleted a timeout, it would send a 'timeout ended' dm, even if the timeout had already expired. All timeouts are now marked as inactive when the timeout runs out.
- When a user is unbanned, all their active ban cases are marked as inactive to prevent the same issue from above.
- When a user rejoins the server after they have been kicked, all their active kick, ban and softban cases are marked as inactive to prevent the same issue from above.
- Critial fix: kick command using the permission from the clear command, allowing access to commands users should not have access to.
- Editing moderation cases now pre-fills the modals with the proof/internal reason to edit it properly.
- Moderation Cases Revoke button is now disabled for the edit screen if already revoked.
- Fixed a bug where revoking a warning using the mod log buttons would send a double 'Warn Ended' DM.
