---
title: V8.1.2.0
date: 2026-04-11T21:11:00
author: Joas (@joa_sss) - Developer
---

Hi everyone! Today i've got a really exciting feature for you all: Applications! This allows you to have fully fetched forms within your Discord server, with super customizable options. Enjoy!

**Added & Changed**

- Added the **Applications** module.
  - Create forms on the dashboard, with up to 10 (free) or 100 (premium) questions per application form.
  - Question types: short text, long text, yes/no, checkboxes, multiple choice and file uploads.
  - Review applications within your Discord server, give roles when they are approved or denied.
  - Review them from dedicated Pending, Approved and Denied channels.
  - Customize the staff team for proper permission management.
  - Customize the notifications & messages sent to users to fully make it your own.
  - Advanced limits, cooldowns and role restrictions to control who can use the applications feature.
  - Continue where you left off if you close out of an application. Delete your progress with ease, or continue on your old one.
  - Control applications with buttons.
- Added `/apply [form]` to apply to an application form.
- Added `/applications approve` to approve application answers.
- Added `/applications deny` to deny application answers.
- Added `/applications list` to view all the application forms in the server.
- Added `/applications configure` to easily configure applications.

**Fixed**

- Fixed the reset configs button on the dashboard not resetting automod & counting settings.
- Loads of small bug fixes.

Additional information: I've said a lot in the past about the next releases for QuaBot. I've decided to, for now, stop adding new features for a few weeks and really polish and fix our existing features. This is to make QuaBot the best possible Discord bot. Can't wait for the future, and i'm still working on levels in the background.
We could also really use financial support. Hosting costs are going up do to QuaBot's growing size, so if you could, please purchase premium at https://quabot.net/premium. Thank you in advance, and thank you for using QuaBot <3.
