---
title: V8.2.1.0
date: 2026-04-26T14:03:00
author: Joas (@joa_sss) - Developer
---

Hi everyone! Today I have a lot of fixes & new Quality of Life features for levels. Enjoy!

**Added & Changed**

- Added a test button for levelup messages & DM messages to preview what they look like.
- Added a new setting to enable the card mode for `/rank`, sending the level card instead of a regular message.
- Leaderboard messages will now be sent when you select the channel, instead of waiting for the first update (could take up to 15 minutes).
- Added weekly & monthly leaderboards, they start counting on the first of the week and you will be able to compete throughout the week. `/leaderboard` returns lifetime by default.
- The leaderboard message can now also show monthly/weekly/lifetime leaderboards. Lifetime by default, change this on the dashboard.
- Leaderboard Position Roles can now use monthly/weekly/lifetime leaderboard, you can choose one of these timespans and roles are assigned based on it.
- The web leaderboard now also allows you to view the Lifetime/Weekly/Monthly leaderboards.

**Fixed**

- Fixed the join message test button not working.
- Fixed a placeholder text in multiple places, replaced with card preview.
- Fixed an issue where the level dm message used the levelup message type instead of the DM one. (Card/Embed/Both)
- Fixed the leaderboards in the server, command & web showing user with 0 XP.
- Fixed an issue where leaderboard roles would be assigned for the positions even though they had 0XP. These positions changed from time to time, and would shuffle roles around. This has been fixed.
- Fixed an issue where leaderboard messages would resend if the dashboard was loaded before a message was sent, which would overwrite the message stored in our database.
- Fixed an issue where a ratelimit cleared the entire Leaderboard web page.
