---
title: V8.2.0.0
date: 2026-04-24T23:02:00
author: Joas (@joa_sss) - Developer
---

One of our most advanced & requested updates yet is out now, for all of you to enjoy!

- Added Levels! Where do i even begin to explain it all.
- **Formula Customization**
  - Custom Levels formula, choose from a constant, linear or exponential formula.
  - Custom max level for the server.
  - Formula multiplier to make it harder & a global XP multiplier.
- **XP Types**
  - Message XP: custom cooldown, min XP and max XP.
  - Give XP per word or per message, to encourage longer messages.
  - Give a multiplier when the message reaches a number of words or attachments to boost longer messages even more.
  - Attachments XP: cooldown, min and max XP. Give XP per attachment or message.
  - Voice XP: cooldown, min and max XP. You can choose if muted/deafened time should count or not.
  - Reactions XP: cooldown, min and max XP. Choose who gets XP: author, reactor or both.
  - Slash Command XP: cooldown, min and max XP. Only works for QuaBot Commands
- **Multipliers:** give users multipliers per role, channel, category or day of the week. You can choose to stack them or only give the highest.
- **Ignored Channels, Roles & Categories** to block the users & channels you don't want to count for levels.
- **Levelup messages & DMs**: send DMs and messages in the current or any channel of your choosing.
- **Level card:** attach a highly customizable level card.
- **Level Rewards:** give users roles, and remove roles, when they reach certain levels. Has a stack mode or a replace mode to choose how you want them to behave.
- Comes with a new feature: conditional variables; `{if added_roles}Added roles: {added_roles}{/if}`. In this example the text 'Added roles:' is only visible if there are added roles. \*Is coming to other modules soon.
- Send the user a DM when they get their rewards.
- **Leaderboard** view the leaderboard with the new command or online on the dashboard.
  - Servers can pick their own **Vanity URL**, which will show up on https://quabot.net/leaderboard/VANITY-URL-HERE. Or their server ID can be used. You can make it public or for server members only.
  - Give users roles for certain **leaderboard positions** to reward your most active members!
- Added `/rank` to view your level rank.
- Added `/leaderboard` to view the leaderboard.
- Added `/level [set|reset|configure]` to configure, set and reset user's XP.

Enjoy this massive release, this does not cover it all and i highly recommend you to check it out now!
